Let's get started by creating the springboard application of it, spring there to rest.
So in those days, click on the file new spring starter project say the project name is spring guitarist.
This is the group and this is the artifact, and this is the package inside which we are going to have
the main glass.
What our spring wood application.
Click on the next.
When I'm recording this lecture, the latest version of the Spring Wood is 2.6 Daughtry, and this is
what we will use.
OK, now let's say a couple of dependencies.
So the very first is spring data, Depew.
Now we are using the physical database, so the musical driver.
Now, search for spring data, rest and select this one.
It is repositories.
So as of now, three dependencies are required to spring that ADP spring guitarist and equal driver.
See, once we learn spring guitarist with Spring that Adebiyi, then you can use it with any other database,
OK?
Say, for example, you have MongoDB database, so that will be spring data, MongoDB.
So that also you can use the spring data rest here.
In this course, we are going with the spring data, with the spring data rest.
So click on the next and finish.
Wait for the project to get built.
Here is our Springwood obligation.
Open the pond and examine.
See the opening date AGP Spring guitarist and musical driver, this is the test dependency, but look
at over here.
We don't have a spring wood starter vibe dependency.
And the reason is very simple we are not going to hold the controller in our Springwood application
when we are using the spring day to rest, OK?
And that's why we don't have a spring Woodstock vibe dependency.
What here?
Because we are using this spring guitarist.
So this is our point, good example.
Let's close it now.
You know what, my second database, we have this table, so we need a glass and repository.
Also, we need to have the Conexant put them over Springwood application to Michael database and that
we have already done OK in this application.
So to save the time, copy the entity and repository.
From here.
Based inside this one.
And application plot properties copy this, what the database.
This is our spring guitarist obligation put over here.
In spring, the tourist obligation, we don't need controller and service lawyer.
We just need A. Douglas, OK.
And repository.
And one thing we need to change, right?
We're here for the component skin, not the component skin, but the it can in enable JP repository
this one, OK.
This is required for the main class for our spring data rest application.
That's it.
We don't need controller layer and we don't need service layer for our spring guitarist application.
So we are all set with our spring guitarist obligation, and we'll test it out in the next lecture.
Thank you very much.